Mr. Sheng, there is an evil spirit on this thing
I advise you not to touch it again
You mean my mom will hurt me?
No, this thing is really unlucky.
But I don't know.
I only know that if you wear it for a long time
It will make you feel uneasy wearing it.
sleepless
In the long run
Bloodshed
Nonsense
I see you as a person
Good character
I wanted to take you to work in my company
I didn't expect you to be full of nonsense
Whispering madman
For the sake of today's sewing box
Don't care about you
But don't let me look at you again
Otherwise, I must make you look good
Boss Shao, I'm definitely not in the chin
Although I am an uncle
But he's not going to kill you yet.
If you wear it for a long time
Maybe you will encounter a car accident
Can't hit high
Mr. Yang, if there is nothing else
Please leave
OK
Mr. Sheng, this is my contact information.
Remember to call if you are really in danger
Hum contact you
Unless you are my father